# MK-801

mk-801

## Basic Information

**Summary**

Dissociative research chemical similar to PCP, and Ketamine. Dizocilpine, also known as MK-801, is a non-competitive antagonist of the NMDA receptor.

#### [Dissociative](/category/dissociative)

Dissociatives are mostly NMDA receptor antagonists, these substances are hallucinogenic but different than psychedelics. As per the name, these substances create a distance between the user and reality.

[Read more on TripSit Wiki...](#{category.wiki})

#### [Research Chemical](/category/research-chemical)

Research chemicals are drugs with relatively little history of human use, and thus particular care should be taken if choosing to ingest them.

[Read more on TripSit Wiki...](#{category.wiki})

#### [Tentative](/category/tentative)

Drugs marked as tentative are those our team wasn't able to find much reliable information about. This is often because the drug is very new. Information listed under these drugs should not be entirely trusted.

#### [Habit-forming](/category/habit-forming)

These drugs pose a higher risk of causing habit forming behaviour, take particular care with the amount and frequency they are taken.

[Read more on TripSit Wiki...](#{category.wiki})

**Dose**

| Oral   |          |
| ------ | -------- |
| Common | 50-100ug |

**Duration**

| Oral          |             |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| Onset         | 15-30mins   |
| Duration      | 20-36 hours |
| After-effects | 1-72 hours  |

| IM            |             |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| Onset         | 45mins      |
| Duration      | 20-36 hours |
| After-effects | 1-72 hours  |

**Aliases**

dizocilpine  
mk801  

**Avoid**

Driving. Moving and walking if possible. Mixing with other depressants like alcohol, benzos and opiates.

[See TripSit Wiki for more information about drug interactions](http://combo.tripsit.me/)

## Interactions

No interaction information for MK-801